Aquavite and Debbie's Day at the Beach

Author: Aquavite (1996'09)

(Aquavite sends Debbie a fantasy letter)

It promised to be a hot day at the beach, and Aquavite and Debbie took the day off work...playing hooky added to the fun they thought they'd have. Aquavite showed up at Debbie's house a little early, after supplying his car with drinks (water, beer, juice) and good eats. Debbie was just about to get into the shower and greeted him at the door still dressed (if that's what you can call it) in a very short night shirt through which Aquavite easily saw her panties...string bikinis, white with some sort of little pattern, he couldn't see that well. Aquavite kissed Debbie, and she him, while he lightly ran his hands of her warm back down to her rounded and firm ass, loving to feel the outline of her panties under the thin material of her nightshirt...he wished he could both feel and hug and see at the same time.

Debbie offered Aquavite a cup of coffee, she hadn't quite finished hers and was about to bring it to the bathroom with her. Aquavite, being a devote and serious coffee drinker, accepted, and indeed, encouraged Debbie to refill her cup, which she did. They sat in her kitchen feeling the warmth of the bright morning. Aquavite couldn't take his eyes of Debbie's legs, which was difficult in any case since she had stretched her legs out on a chair in front of her. Both legs were together and the nightshirt came barely inches below the panties which Aquavite was avidly trying to visualize. Debbie knew she was teasing him, and loved to be a tease, for teasing made her feel very powerful.

She loved the power over men she had, and used it in way she knew most men loved: innocent, playful, teasing but very lustful. As they talked and sat finishing their coffee, Debbie's legs parted some, and then some more. After a while Aquavite had a lovely view of Debbie's white panties with what he could now see were rose and yellow flowers as a pattern. He felt himself very hard under his faded blue jeans as he watched Debbie's legs part slightly more so that now he could see her entire pantie crotch to where the lovely cotton disappeared to her firm rear. He looked, not being at all shy with her, knowing she loved to be watched and look at.

He realized that her panties were somewhat yellow, in face, almost as yellow as the yellow tiny flowers...Debbie must have had some type of accident and let her panties dry. He wondered if it was this morning trying to get to the toilet on time, or perhaps even in bed (must less likely, he thought), or since she hadn't showered, perhaps it was sometime yesterday. At work, reading some erotic email and stealthily looking at some sexy pictures her boss didn't know she kept on the computer at work? Maybe she read too long and didn't make it to the little girl's room and began to dribble, spurt and perhaps really loss control, running to the toilet? Aquavite felt that if Debbie touched him he'd cum in his pants on the spot, and making a spot....

Debbie interjected, suddenly it appeared to Aquavite, who was in dreamland. "Hey, Aquavite, hello....You here, or am I distracting you?" She smiled, loving every minute, but then closed her legs and, kissing Aquavite on the head as she got up, said, "I'm off to get clear...be a minute or two...I'm excited about our day."

Aquavite thought about following Debbie, knowing that Debbie would probably leave the door open so he could watch her get undressed and shower, and then perhaps.....He interrupted himself, and jumped up. Debbie was in the shower, the door closed, but that wasn't really what Aquavite had thought about. He walked past the bathroom, and went directly into Debbie bedroom. 

First, he thought, the panties and bra. He quickly found her lingerie drawers, neatly arranged with her panties on one side and her bras on the other, along with some other items which might have interested him on another day, but not now. He looked through Debbie's large and sexy collection of innocent and naughty but nice panties...difficult selection problem, but he finally settled on a pair of white string bikini cotton panties, with a little blue bow on the front, lace on the legs and a pattern of what might be flowers but he wasn't sure...he loved the way the lace set off the cut of the panties.

He picked them up, felt them...thin, smooth, not but almost translucent...he thought they would hug Debbie's body delightfully. He moved his eyes to the bras...white for sure...some lace, perhaps a demi, or low cut cup, and wire...to push her breasts up, just some, not crudely, but erotically in an innocent 'gee I didn't know' kind of way. He found just the bra, and took the panties and bra and put them on the top of the dresser and closed the drawer.

Into her closet to pick a dress, or skirt and top, he wasn't sure, but he was hurrying since he wanted to be done when Debbie came in. He saw all her summer light dresses on one side, and began going through them. He found one which seem to be what he had in mind. It seem pretty short, but he knew he sometimes misjudged a dress if it was off, but short was what he wanted. It was a quite thin material, a somewhat high waist, gathered which would set off her breasts nicely, and the whole thing was pretty innocent but not at all at the same time. He thought the material thin enough that he and everyone else who saw Debbie would be able to see not just her pantie outlines, but her panties themselves, at least when the dress was close to her...

Just then Debbie appeared wrapped in a towel. "I've chosen your clothes...I'm going to dress you." Debbie was surprised, but not at all shocked...she knew Aquavite loved clothes and it was very important to him how women he was with looked, and how they felt about how they looked. "First a little perfume," Aquavite said as he sprayed some on his hand and then rubbed the inside of both her legs, and stood up and put some on her shoulders, the insides of her arms and also a little between and just above her cleavage....Debbie shivered a shiver of delight as she felt the cold perfume against her shower hot skin.

Still wrapped in a towel, Aquavite picked up the white panties and held a leg for Debbie. Debbie stepped in one legs and then the other as Aquavite pulled them up and over her pubic hair...she felt pampered, taken care of and very, very little girl like. She could feel herself getting damp between her legs...her fresh panties already taking in her womanly aroma. Aquavite took the towel off, leaving Debbie standing in her small panties. As Aquavite began to put the bra on her, he looked...he was right, the flesh of her ass (still slightly reddish from the shower) shown through her panties, while her pubic patch (not too large itself) was also just visible through the thin material of the panties....Aquavite got hard, but continued dressing her.

He put on her bra, Debbie only helping once it was on by adjusting her breasts to fit just right. Aquavite unzipped the dress, and Debbie stepped in, facing Aquavite, smiling and almost flushing, while Aquavite pulled it up over her bra and shoulders, as she then turned around and Aquavite zipped her up, but not before taking one final look at the tops of her panties and the back of her bra, the white contrasting with the thin and tanned back. The dress was short...in fact, he had picked one of the shortest in her pretty short collection.

Not as short as the tennis dress had seen her in...that barely covered her ass and was just an excuse to let everyone know what type of panties she had on, for she had stopped wearing tennis briefs a while ago, and wore only panties. She thought that Steffi Grafe wore regular panties, and had even seen a picture of Jane Seymour in a tennis dress wearing regular white panties. Good enough for them, she thought....Her dress came only about 6 or 8 inches below her ass, and shown her long and well formed legs nicely. He knew it would also show off her panties when she sat or bent.

They were both turned on, but both knew that when they left they'd be even more turned on, and it was almost 11:00. They left the house and got in the car, Debbie in front. Aquavite immediately noticed in the sun seeing through Debbie's dress was easy...he could even see the lace of her panties, though not too clearly. The idea of everyone knowing about the lace was an instant turn on to him.

Once in the car they drove a while, traffic was pretty light. Debbie thought to herself that with all that coffee she really should have visited the toilet, but it didn't seem to be a problem...she could use it at the beach. Aquavite's hand went to her leg almost once they were on the freeway, pushing her thin blue dress up over her panties. He slowly rubbed her legs and after a while the insides of her legs, Debbie opening them up to his touch. After that he began to slowly, ever so slowly, rub Debbie's panties against her clitoris, in just the way he knew she loved. He pushed her dress up to her waist, and she sat in the car, her head back, as he rubbed and touched her....lost.

All of a sudden a loud horn, very loud, brought her back...she almost jumped, and Aquavite took his hand off her legs, apparently also startled by the horn. But no accident, only an admiring semi driver who had pulled up along wide Debbie's window (who knows for how long), and honked in appreciation. He looked right down at Debbie's panties...Debbie was still a little startled, but managed a smile, and didn't bother to pull down her dress, merely putting her hands on her legs. Aquavite speeded up the car and left the semi behind.

"I love the way he looked at you. You really do something to guys, and some women...I love that you turn heads." Debbie smiled, realizing that the horn had interrupted her turned on dreamlike state so quickly that, since she now had to pee, she had almost lost control and peed in her panties. She managed not to, but now was aware of her urgency, not terrible, but she asked, "How much longer to the beach, do you think? I have to pee." Aquavite said probably about 20 minutes, and Debbie decided she could wait, as long as nobody else honked and scared her.

They talked and Aquavite resumed his rubbing, so that by the time they arrived at the beach Debbie felt that familiar and wonderful sticky feeling between her legs and that tingly feeling in her breasts...making her nipples hard, pushing against the thin lace material of her bra and becoming noticeable through her dress. By the time they pulled into the pretty crowded parking lot (but finding a space) Debbie pee urgency had increased, not to the point of danger, but she was getting the first pre-fidgety signs.

They parked the car, got beach stuff and food and drink from the trunk, and Debbie turned to go the toilets, saying, "Aquavite, I'll be right back, I've got to go the find the little girls room," Aquavite just gently took Debbie by the shoulder. "You can wait, let's not waist time there. This way." Debbie at first hesitated, but then followed Aquavite. She had to pee, but not really awfully badly....

Aquavite was taking Debbie to a beach that he had told her about, but she'd never been to. It was very beautiful, and while there were people, it wasn't jammed packed. The beach, perhaps a mile or so long, was horse shoe shaped. The end with the parking lot was pretty much a regular beach, while the far end was the beach that Aquavite often described where people were either naked, or in their underwear, or whatever pleased them, including bathing suits.

Aquavite had specifically told Debbie not to bring a bathing suit, which excited Debbie and reminded her of various times she ended up at beaches without suits and 'had' to be in her panties and bra, or sometimes just a dress, knowing that she was very careless about her lady like manners on beaches....

They walked down to the beach and walked someways up the beach, but not really to the 'naked' end...They stopped and spread out their blanket and towels. There were some people around, but not too near them. The sat down, taking off their shoes, Aquavite noticing that Debbie pulled first one and then the other leg off to unbuckle her sandals, her dress falling almost to her panties...She put her shoes to one side and wiggled her toes in the sand, pulling her knees up to her chin, and looked out at the water...blue sky, blue water. Aquavite just watched her, loving her spontaneous and innocent look, her profile against the hills in the background of the end of the beach.

Her long legs, tanned from earlier trips out, looked wonderful. Aquavite put his hand on her leg, and kissed her slowly in the ear...sending chills down her body. She slowly lay back, feeling the heat of the midday sun seemingly violate her already thin dress. Her dress was now above her panties, and Aquavite ran his hand up her leg, pausing some time on her panties, feeling the warmth of them against her firm stomach, and then continue to move his hand lightly over her breasts, feeling the lace material of her bra, his hand coming to rest on her face. He kissed her lips, and she kissed him back, tongue to tongue.

Both without thought they began to make out on the beach, Debbie wrapping her leg around Aquavite as he lay next to her, Aquavite slowly pushing his erection into her as she turned toward him, she responding pushing against him. Debbie could feel the pressure from not having peed, but it actually seem to increase her sexual intensity, certainly she didn't feel pain, and dismissed it from her mind.

Aquavite's hand was now over Debbie's panties, stroking them and then squeezing her through them. She kissed him intensely, and then just stretched out on her side. She slowly opened her eyes, remembering that there were other people on the beach. As she looked she saw a couple walking toward the, heading for the 'naked' end, while the nearest couple was some distance. With some playful false modesty she pulled down her dress and rolled on her back, her panties now covered for the first time since they sat down. Aquavite rolled on his back, too, taking his shirt off.

Debbie then looked the other way. A sort of cute guy had sat down, clearly enjoying the show. She knew he had see her ass being touched, and got more excited at the prospect. She liked the way he looked, and he didn't make too much of a pretense about why he sat there. She whispered to Aquavite that she thought she had an admirer. Aquavite looked over, smiling, knowing about Debbie.....She loved to be seen, but not overtly, or crudely...she'd be innocently seen. She leaned over to Aquavite, way over knowing her dress would rise up over her panties, and kissed him. She was very turned on and could feel her panties getting damper.

Debbie had always gotten her panties damp when she made out; or got turned on; or thought almost anything sexual; or dreamed it. Ever since she was 13 or 14 she knew it was a sure sign, and she knew it turned on most guys, too. Lots of guys had told her that they'd never been with anyone who got wetter quicker. They should only really know, she thought to herself; know that is, about her not so little wetting problem, and not from being turned on. Debbie had always had a problem finding a toilet on time, and that had led to lots and lots of accidents, as a child, as a teenager, and since. She never liked them, found them embarrassing and a pain, but just one of those things you learn to live with. There had been some really embarrassing times when she'd wet her panties or shorts....she tried to put all this out of her mind, but realized that she had to pee pretty badly.

She kept thinking about her experience with Aquavite...how that one thing Aquavite had done for her was awaken her to the possibilities of the erotic quality of peeing, or having to pee. She squeezed her legs together, both because she was turned on and since she had to pee more now...thinking about peeing always made her have to go much more, much more....

Debbie continued kissing Aquavite, and she felt Aquavite's hand slowly move up the back of her leg, moving in small circles up, up until she was touching the top of her thigh...she loved the feeling, and between the sun, the abandon of the water and her on-looker, she felt herself, almost without thinking, slowly pushing herself against Aquavite. Aquavite's had now reached her panties, and she felt him rubbing her panties, the heat of her body and the heat of the sun combining to make her feel a growing dampness between her legs. She loved the idea that she was making out on a public beach with Aquavite, and that her dress with way over her panties and that anyone could see her, and see her enmeshed with Aquavite, and see her panties. Images of Aquavite picking out her panties flashed through her mind as she felt Aquavite rub her ass.

Aquavite whispered in her ear, "Take off your dress and lie just in your bra and panties...." Debbie really wanted to do that and had hoped Aquavite would ask or tell her. She had been on the beach in her bra and panties before, and had certainly gotten attention, but somehow she felt this was different. She felt herself get even damper between her legs just at the thought.

She sat up, unzipped the back of her dress and quickly slipped it off. She knew the admirer was looking at her, but she played innocent, not really looking at him. She liked that Aquavite had chosen a little girl type of panties, and liked that her bra was almost see through. She felt her nipples get harder. She lay back down, eyes closed against the sun, taking it its rays through her thin and translucent bra and small panties. Aquavite kissed her gently on the mouth and she returned the kiss. She felt his body push against her, his very hard penis against her leg as she put one arm around him and drew him even nearer.

They didn't do much more than this, lying very still, for quite a while, but both found it very teasing and highly erotic. Debbie managed to look over at the guy, not to mention some other couples a little farther away, and realized that he was probably very excited, too. He was sitting, now with his shirt off. He was pretty good looking, perhaps 30 or so, with a nice body...and she had always liked good looking guys without shirts on. This made her more turned on, and she kissed Aquavite again. Aquavite ran his hand along Debbie's leg, up over the thin string holding her panties, up on the side of her bra, just barely touching her breast covered in lace. Debbie almost gasped, and as she did she realized how badly she now needed to pee.

"Aquavite, I really have to go pee, really badly, all of a sudden....Just as you touched my breasts I, well, you know, I almost peed and wet myself. I've got to go...." Aquavite smiled. "You know I love it when you have to pee."

"But I can't hold it....and all these people are here."

Aquavite smiled again, looking around. Some people were around there but not too many, although the admirer was now looking more intently, and smiling. Debbie, still lying down, crossed her legs, wondering what it would be like to just let go lying on the towel, and then put it out of her mind.

Aquavite sat up, taking Debbie's hand, and pulling her up with him. "Let's go walk..." Debbie quickly agreed, thinking that peeing in the water would be a perfect solution, and knowing that Aquavite loved to see her in wet panties (which would then turn see through), and knowing that he could show her off before dozens of people. It took most of her self-control to stand up without dribbling in her panties, but she succeeded. The admirer for the first time was able to take in all of Debbie's lovely body, especially her ass which her panties lovingly and tightly caressed. But instead of walking toward the water, Aquavite was leader her down the beach, toward more people....

Aquavite had taken off his shirt, and was in only his jeans, while Debbie felt delightfully (and innocently) exposed in her bra and panties; it excited her to be led this way, knowing that most people on the beach (especially in the direction they were headed) were wearing bathing suits. She found herself feeling more damp, and as she felt damper she again knew she had to pee, to the point of desperation now. 

"Aquavite, I really have to pee, I can't help it...please let me go in the water and pee....please."

"Debbie, just hold it a little while longer, I know you can, and I love knowing how much you have to pee..."

Debbie tried as they walked another few hundred yards. Guys were looking her, Aquavite's arm now around her waist, just touching the elastic top of her panties. She looked at Aquavite jeans, tight, and for the first time realized his erection was obvious. He liked having her in this situation, in her panties and bra, in public if even on a beach, and dying to pee. As they walked on they came to a beach volleyball game with quite a few on-lookers. Aquavite stopped at the edge of the perhaps 30 people watching, some sitting, some standing. Debbie immediately crossed her legs as Aquavite seemed to get involved in the game. "God," she thought to herself, "I'm going to wet my panties any second...."

"Aquavite, let's go, please, I can't wait," Debbie said, perhaps a little too loudly as one or two of the people next to her looked up briefly. Aquavite's only response was to hold her waist tighter, not harshly, but tightly, and then slowly let his hand fall over the soft and sun/flesh warm smooth material of her panties' ass, giving her a very small squeeze.

Debbie crossed her legs more tightly as she felt a few dribbles soak into her panties. She put her head on Aquavite's shoulder as she felt a few spurts wet her panties and begin to force their way down her legs....She managed to control herself, but she knew only for moments.

"Aquavite, please I'm already peeing, please...." Again, she spoke a little loudly and hearing this a girl and a guy gave her a funny look. Aquavite's hand moved further down her ass, below the double crotch seam on her panties, and one finger pushed into her ass just barely, something she usually liked a lot. She wondered who, if anyone, was behind and watching. She sort of liked the idea, though. But she felt she was loosing control as a long spurt, perhaps a second or more, surged through her now already wet panties and ran down her legs to her knees.....

"Oh, god, I'm wetting my panties, Aquavite." This time she spoke softly. But she couldn't resist and felt herself helpless against the involuntary spasms of her over filled bladder. Her pee began to pour from between her, crossing her legs was pointless and without thinking she spread her legs some, as the pee flooded directly onto the sand and cascaded down the insides of her tanned and smooth legs. A distinct hiss could be herd, and the nearest people just starred at Debbie. Aquavite actually moved his hand a little lower as he felt the warm pee wick up the cotton panties to his fingers. He loved to feel her wet herself. Debbie looked toward the ground, embarrassed and not wanting to confront others' eyes, but also strangely excited by her helpless and innocent display, standing there like a little girl, wetting her panties, and wearing just panties and a nearly see through bra, people looking....

She must have continued wetting her panties for 20 seconds, as more and more people just looked at her and the slowly growing wet stand between her legs....Just as she was almost done, and without a word, Aquavite moved her away and back toward their end of the beach, Debbie, still wetting herself, following....and the eyes of speechless on-lookers glued to her now obvious wet panties.

They walked perhaps 50 yards as Aquavite's hand tightly held her now pee wet and still warm panties over her firm ass. He then stopped, kissed her deeply, and then walked on. It was hard to tell if Debbie looked like she just was in the water or had wet herself, but while some people looked, they looked mostly at her in her underwear. Instead of walking back to their spot, Aquavite led her up some small dunes to an area which, while not empty, had few people, and kissed her again, this time putting his hand between the front of her legs, pushing the dripping and warm panties into her, rubbing her clitoris with them at just the angle her knew Debbie loved.

She could feel his hard erection against her leg as she moved against his hand. Aquavite pushed one bra strap over her shoulder and slowly squeezed her nipple through he lace of her bra, and then slip the bra over her breast. She felt herself about to cum, very rapidly, turned by the sun, beach, and her exposure, and (she wondered) by her 'accident.' They kissed., She wasn't sure, but it didn't feel bad, as some real accidents had in the past. She wasn't sure it felt good, but certainly not bad, and all the rest she loved. She loved being held in this somewhat deserted beach, her bra over her breast, standing in her panties, held by Aquavite.

Her breaths became quicker and then she came. She could tell Aquavite was very excited too, as they stood there, holding and feeling each other. She reached down and unzipped Aquavite fly, rubbing his hard penis through his underpants....As she squeezed and rub him he made her cum twice....Within a few minutes she felt Aquavite about to cum as he continued to feel and rub her through wet panties. He came in his underpants, making a pretty large wet spot. Debbie smiled, looking at his growing wet spot....Aquavite looked at her, loving the way her bra framed her breast, wondering who might have seen them.

Debbie pulled her bra over her now only braless exposed breast as Aquavite rebutton his fly. Debbie's hand was somewhat sticky from Aquavite's cum, while Aquavite hand was completely wet from Debbie's pee wet panties. He liked the feel and made no attempt to dry them. They walked off back toward their part of the beach, arm and arm.

"I love it when you wearing wet panties, Debbie," said Aquavite. 

"It doesn't bother me now, and nobody knows, except those at the volley ball game. Anyway, I love being this way with you."

Back at their towels, the admirer had left, and few people seemed to pay much attention to either of them. They lay down, and Aquavite could now fully admirer how wonderful he found Debbie's panties....wet still and quite yellow, a sure sign that this was not the ocean. He took off his pants, his wet spot obvious. Debbie smiled as she knew he kept his eyes on her wet panties. They lay down next to each other feeling the intense sun. They later went swimming, Debbie having removed her bra. She received lots of admiring looks, especially when she got out of the water, her white panties clinging to her shapely body and completely see through. Aquavite loved it, so did she.

[might be continued. For example, drying off in the sun/getting dress; going for beers afterwards; traffic jams; desperate stop at a gas station; arriving back at Debbie's apartment....etc.] 
