The Coach Outing
  Male Desperation 2.
Author: Paul Tester (1999-05-23 at 04:06)

A social club outing. I was with two friends, Harry and Mike, both aged 20. This was a long time ago, we would have been wearing cords or casual trousers. Mike tended to be a bit plump, Harry was tall and slim. As the younger members of the club, we had occupied the back seat of the coach. On the way home we had stopped in a pub and drunk quite a lot of cider.

About 20 minutes after we had left the pub Mike made some remark to the effect that he needed to “let the cider out the other end.” Harry then stated that he was also suffering, and that the coach had better stop at a toilet soon or he would be in trouble. I was still OK, so said nothing.

The coach drove slowly on, and nothing more was said about cider or toilets for some time. By then I was feeling the need for a piss, and was wondering how badly the other two were wanting to go. Both were sitting with their legs crossed. For some reason the coach pulled onto a garage forecourt and stopped. As he realised what was happening, Harry jumped up and started towards the front of the coach. He had hardly taken two steps when the coach started up and drove on. Harry sat down again in despair. “There would have been a toilet in that garage, why didn’t he stop longer. I’ve got to go, they will have to stop somewhere soon”.

Mike agreed that he too was bursting, but he was convinced that there would have to be a stop at another pub or somewhere, as he was sure some of the older members of the club had drunk a lot more beer and would also be desperate.

We drove on for another 30 minutes or so, by which time my bladder was aching with the piss building up inside. I recognised that we were about 45 minutes drive from home, and remarked that if we didn’t stop soon we would be too close to home to bother to stop. Mike, who had been very quiet for some time, disagreed. “We have got to stop soon, I’m really struggling now. It’s not because I’m cold that I keep shivering you know.” As he said this, he tensed his body and shuddered again, obviously having to make a real effort to hold back his piss. Harry had his legs crossed very tightly, and was gripping his trousers with both hands. If Mike was desperate, then Harry looked to be worse. “My body can’t stand much more,” he groaned. “It’s getting so bad I going to be in agony if I can’t go soon”.

Another 15 minutes, and it was obvious that we were not stopping anywhere. Harry was even worse now, groaning “How much further? How much longer have I got to hold on? If it gets any worse, I’m going to die, I can’t stand it much longer. It isn’t possible to want to go so badly for so long and not strain something, that’s why it hurts so much”.

I had never seen an adult in such a desperate need of a piss, and began to wonder if he was going to be able to wait, or if he would wet his trousers. Mike, still cross legged and shuddering occasionally, told him to shut up, as talking about it only made him want to go more. “I don’t mind it hurting, that means I am still holding it, I’m afraid that something worse is going to happen to me soon. Just think of something else like girls or music, pretend you don’t want to go.” I noticed that Mike had his hands in his lap, and was squeezing his cock at regular intervals.

“I can’t think of anything else now. The only thing that matters is getting to a toilet before I die.” Harry was so desperate, and in so much pain from his bursting bladder, that he was convinced he was going to die soon. I was now full to bursting, but not in the same state as the other two, and still able to keep track of where we were. Harry was still alive, but in agony, when I told him we would be home in less than five minutes. “Where is the coach going to stop.” He asked. “Tell me now where the nearest toilet is?” I told him that we would probably stop in the Church car park, and that there was a single toilet behind the Church Hall, which was not normally locked at night. Since I was also in great need of a piss, I said I would lead him there.

When the coach finally arrived back, Harry was starting down the coach as soon as it stopped, dragging me behind him. Once off the coach, I led the way at a fast walk, which I think both Harry and Mike had difficulty keeping up with. As I hoped, the toilet was open, and I turned on the light and made to use it first. Harry pushed me aside and rushed in, crying “Out of my way, it’s an emergency, I can’t wait any longer.” As he slammed the door shut, I heard him gasp “Oh, at last!” as he was finally able to let his pent-up piss go. Mike was leaning against the wall with his legs crossed and one hand pushed deep into his trouser pocket, gripping his cock in a desperate attempt to prevent any leaks.

“I must be next to go,” he said. “I am only standing like this because I dare not let go now. Being so close makes it even worse that it was on the coach. Come on Harry, hurry up in there, you are not the only one who wants to go”.

“It won’t stop, it just keeps on pouring out, I don’t know where it is all coming from,” replied Harry who seemed to have been in the toilet for ever.

Much as I wanted to go, I was not so bad as to be in any danger of wetting myself, so when Harry finally emerged, groaning “Oh the relief!” I let Mike rush in to take his place. Harry may have been going for ages, but I had heard nothing outside. Almost immediately Mike was inside there was the sound of a high pressure jet hitting the water. Mike was absolutely blasting his piss out, sounding like a garden hose being aimed into the toilet bowl. Then he controlled his aim and the noise reduced as he directed his stream onto the porcelain, and the pressure slowly reduced as his bladder emptied. No wonder he had been holding his cock, nobody could have contained such pressure any other way.

By this time, one of the older members had arrived at the loo, and groaned in desperation when he saw three of us queuing for the loo, holding his abdomen and doubling over in an effort to contain himself. When he realised that I was the only one still to pee, he gasped something like, ‘Thank goodness, I can just about last that long.’

My own piss, another long steady stream like Harry’s, was almost an anti-climax.

Nothing else was ever said about the strain we had been under that night, but I don’t think I have ever seen two men wait so long or want to go so badly as I did that night. Harry in particular, was not given to making a fuss when he wanted to piss, so he was probably not exaggerating when he said he though he was going to die he was so desperate. I was friends with both Mike and Harry for some years, and came to know just how their bladder capacities compared with mine, which was considerably larger than either. Since we had all drunk the same that night, and by the time the coach stopped I was pretty desperate, I shudder to think how badly they did want to go. I am not sure I could have stood wanting to go as badly as I think they wanted to go, but I know that when you have no choice, then you can somehow manage to stretch your bladder to new limits.

OK girls, if you enjoyed this, and the other story, how about posting some of your own experiences or observations in return, either on here or privately. I believe that girls are far more willing to tell each other about their desperate moments, so you should have something to tell.

Also, check out Thomas’s Water Resources Site. The monthly competition has a story called ‘Coach & Pair, Pts 1 & 2’ by Neil and Rosemary, where Capt. Yorke suffers during a coach ride with the ladies.

Best wishes to all desperation fans.
